Hudson is a free, open-source C++ backtester distributed under a GPLv3 license. If you
decide to redistribute a modified copy of Hudson, you should also publish the modified
source code. Please read the COPYING file for more information on GPL licensing.

Hudson simulates trading strategies on historical data series and calculates various statistics,
including compound annualized growth rate, % winners/losers, realized drawdown, single positions
unrealized drawdown/peak analysis, month-to-month returns, Sharpe ratio and geometric standard
deviation of monthly returns.
All statistics reports are easily extensible by inheriting from the Report class and adding your
own calculation based on raw transactions and historical data.

Additionaly, the aim of this distribution is to gather and publicize a number of financial
historical data series and references freely available online.

The trader API support functions to backtest any custom long/short trading strategy in C++, 
including multiple symbols portfolio backtests, pairs-trading and spread-trading. For a
spread trade example, check the January trader. This class implements a strategy exploiting
a seasonal microcap effect that occurs around the end of the year.
The Asset Allocator example evaluates the performance of 5 asset classes (World Equities, SP500,
Commodities, US Bonds and REIT) on a monthly basis and buy (sell) each class when the price close
above (below) the 10 months SMA. The goal is to improve buy and hold SP500 risk-adjusted returns.

Please understand that the goal of this project is to provide a set of open source tools to
create and improve trading strategies and NOT to offer trading advice.

Hudson requires the GNU Scientific Library (GSL), TA-Lib, and Boost.

The GSL is a free library developed by the FSF offering over 1000 numerical functions including
statistics, least-square fitting, random numbers and Monte Carlo
integration: http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/.

Boost provides free portable C++ libraries implementing a wide range of functionalities from a
complete set of date and time functions to multi-array and
serialization libraries: http://www.boost.org/libs/libraries.htm.

TA-LIB is a free, open-source financial series technical analysis library maintained by
Mario Fortier. It offers support to more than 150 technical analysis indicators in C++, Java,
Excel, .NET and other languages: http://ta-lib.org.